Start tracking Architectural Decisions (ADs) (#436)
Datatamer/tamr-client: adr/0002-library-of-composable-functions.md

### Approach 2: Types + Functions

Another approach is to embrace a functional programming style: simple types and functions (no methods).

Usage is not as terse as for OOP:

```python
p = tc.project.create(...)
u = tc.project.update(p, ...)
d = tc.project.delete(p, ...)
```

Characteristics:
- Ease-of-use is not optimized, but still reasonable.
    - With tab-completion, ease-of-use is comparable to OOP.
- Each type can be made immutable
- Each function can be made pure
- Functionality can be shared by calling the same function in user-land, not copying function calls in contributor-land.

## Decision

Use `@dataclass(frozen=True)` to model types and plain Python modules and functions to capture business logic.

## Consequences

Immutable types and pure functions make the code much easier to reason about,
drastically cutting down the time to ramp up and debug.

Note that not all types and functions *have* to be immutable and pure,
but immutable types and pure functions should be the default.

> If there are good reasons to make exceptions, we can do so, but we should include comments to explain why this decision was taken.

Author: ```suggestion
If there are good reasons to make exceptions, we can do so, but we should include comments to explain why that exception was made.
```
